Scheduler add getting started (#1484)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Scheduler/00 Getting Started with Scheduler/15 Edit Appointments.md

> Users can add, update, and remove appointments. To configure these operations, use the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/) object. 

Reviewer: Specify how users can add, update, and remove appointments (edit form, dragging, resizing) and whether it all is enabled by default.

> In this step, we will forbid users to drag the appointments. For this, set the **editing**.[allowDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/#allowDragging) to `false`.

Reviewer: Same note about imperative mood.

                allowDragging: false
            },
        });
    });

##### Angular 

    <!-- tab: app.component.html --> 
    <dx-scheduler ... >
        <dxo-editing
            [allowDragging]="false">
        </dxo-editing>
    </dx-scheduler> 

##### Vue 

    <!-- tab: App.vue --> 
    <template> 
        <DxScheduler ... >
            <DxEditing
                :allow-dragging="false"
            />
        </DxScheduler>
    </template> 

   <script>

    import { DxScheduler, DxEditing } from 'devextreme-vue/scheduler';
    import { data, priorities } from './data.js';

    export default {
        name: 'Vue: Getting started with Scheduler',
        components: {
            DxScheduler,
            DxEditing
        },
        // ...
    }
    </script>

##### React 

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { Scheduler, Editing } from 'devextreme-react/scheduler';

    function App() {
        return (
            <div className="App">
                <Scheduler ... >
                <Editing
                    allowDragging={false}

>                 />

Reviewer: Something's wrong with alignment.

Reviewer: These lines are still misaligned.

Users can do the following actions on appointments:

* Add new appointments

> * Change text and date fields in the details form
> 
> * Change start and end time zones in the details form

Reviewer: There are other fields too in the edit form.

```suggestion
* Update appointments in an edit form
```

> * Rese the appointment's rectangle to change the duration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resize an appointment to change its duration
```

> * Drag the appointment's rectangle to change start and end dates 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Drag and drop an appointment to reschedule it
```

> * Remove appointments with the help of the appointment's tooltip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove appointments
```

> All of these operations - except time zone changing and appointment's dragging and resizing on iOS and Android - are enabled. To change the default settings, use the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/) object.
> 
> In this step, we will disable drag appointments' dragging and enable time zone editing. For this, we will set the **editing**.[allowDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/#allowDragging) to `false` and editing.[allowTimeZoneEditing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/#allowTimeZoneEditing) to `true`.
> 
> [note] The **Scheduler** displays appointment's time zone only when **editing**.**allowTimeZoneEditing** is `true`.

Reviewer: Time zones have very little to do with editing. Look how much shorter this topic becomes if we remove all irrelevant information:

```suggestion
Edit operations are enabled by default. To disable an individual operation, assign **false** to its property in the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/) object. In this tutorial, we use the [allowDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxScheduler/Configuration/editing/#allowDragging) property to disable appointment drag-and-drop.
```

Author: > Edit operations are enabled by default.

Not all edit operations are enabled be default. Why are time zone changing and appointment's dragging and resizing on iOS and Android irrelevant to the 'Edit Appointments' part of the tutorial?

Reviewer: Because this is an entry-level tutorial. It doesn't have to encompass all aspects and caveats of every component feature. It must be simple.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() { 
        $("#scheduler").dxScheduler({ 
            // ...
            editing: {
                allowDragging: false
            },
        });
    });

##### Angular 

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-scheduler ... >
        <dxo-editing
            [allowDragging]="false">
        </dxo-editing>
    </dx-scheduler> 

##### Vue 

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template> 
        <DxScheduler ... >
            <DxEditing
                :allow-dragging="false"
            />
        </DxScheduler>
    </template> 

   <script>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    import { DxScheduler, DxEditing } from 'devextreme-vue/scheduler';

>     import { data, priorities } from './data.js';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    export default {

>         name: 'Vue: Getting started with Scheduler',

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
